Now, to just kind of top off
this journey that we've been on,
I want to show you a quick
deployment example.
There are a number of ways to deploy
your applications in your API's.
I would say that if you want
to get more into deployment,
enterprise deployments and infrastructure.
There's a great course, enterprise
cloud infrastructure by Eric Reinhardt.
Reinhardt and also very good, he helped
and actually generated some terraform for
me to reference in this workshop,
which I'll put in the companion site.
But for the sake of I think brevity and
quickness,
I'm going to show you the path of
least resistance to getting your
angular app up into the cloud, and
we're gonna do that with for cell.
So the one thing that we do need to do,
because your deploy will fail,
which is a good thing.
If your application is
outside of some parameters,
is in this case, with NX,
we have production budgets, and
it's saying we do not want our,
application to be bigger than a meg.
And so if it was bigger than that,
it would throw an error.
So what we're gonna do since we kind
of take this off with the wizard,
which I think is amazing, we are going
to kind of end with the wizard.
And so imagine you are going
to a dinner party, and
you want to show off the wizard and
how clever you are, well,
you're not gonna take your laptop with
you, that doesn't fit into your pocket.
So what do you do?
Well, we deploy it.
So the first thing we're gonna do is go
into our project.json in our wizard app,
and we just need to scroll
down to production budgets,
and we're gonna bump this up to 10.
We'll go ahead and save this.
Now, the next thing that we're gonna
do is we're gonna hop over to for
cell, and you can log in using your
GitHub credentials which I recommend.
And then once you're logged in,
we're going to go Add New, Project.
And because I've logged in
using my GitHub credentials and
now has access to my projects and
obviously want to go
with enterprise the apps.
So I'm gonna import, and we're gonna give
this a project name of Workshop Wizard.
Then we need to set a few additional
parameters for this build to work.
So let's go down to Build and
Output Settings.
We're gonna override the build
command in the output directory.
This is largely in part because
we're dealing with a large monorepo
with many projects.
You could actually create a deployment for
each individual project, and
then connect those all together.
I think kind of at the end of conceptually
where you could go with this is
the talk that we had about microfrontends,
you could absolutely deploy
everything into Vercel or
into the cloud and load those in that way.
So we need to update the build
command to add to NX run,
wizard build, and the output directory,
which you can get if you
go back to your project.
And you just need to find
where this is located,
and so we'll just copy relative path, and
we'll just paste this in here.
So dist Toulon wizard
browser in this case.
And now we're just going to click Deploy.
So apparently,
I've done this one too many times.
So let me just go back real quick and
delete one of these.
I should have brought my credit
card is what should have happened.
So we'll fill out
enterprisey workshop apps.
So we're just gonna kind of
redo this workshop wizard.
Sounds like a Who song or
whoever did that pinball wizard.
And so now this is going to deploy.
This will take just a little bit,
possibly two minutes give or take.
It just depends on who's streaming or
who's mining Bitcoin, if for
sell at any given day.
I'm totally kidding, but
possibly go get a drink of water,
take a bio break,
but this is going to download
all of our dependencies and
then run that build script, all right?
We have a successful build.
So from this dashboard here,
you can actually
just click on the app and
here everything is, and
we now have a wizard deployed
in the cloud to help you
do enterprise angular development,
and I think that is pretty neat.